1 = path
2 = door
3 = locker
4 = fake locker
5 = extra 
6 = table with book(story and guide and puzzle )
7 = table only
locker -> must heard walker go out the room , or get fucked boi

8 = item1 (old lantern)
9 = item2 (skull)
10  item3 (old book)
11= item 4(old key)
12 = item 5 (A scalpel , with fresh blood stain) // book left hand side (the truth , emtpy book if havent take the scalpel) , right hand side (diary of x...)
13 = table but can interact
player option:
w,a,s,d
item(e)
interact(f)

normal ending :you open the Door , suddenly , light splashing your eyes , you felt dizzy , just like getting shocked by a flash grenade . In the end , you passed out .
	       A while later , you wake up , you saw a fimiliar scene , just like how the MC woke up in the hospital . You ask the nurse , about your friends , but they tell you , you are alone , appeared at the enterance of a small village .
	       You talk about the maze , the game , but they say there is no such thing around the village . You felt confused , but you thought maybe that is just a confusion , maybe you just poisioned by a frog or smth , and causes illusion , as a old key appear in your pocket ....... 
True ending :  you open the Door. But , you realise something.WhY YoU aRe RuNnInG!?! IsN'T HeRE YoUr TErrItOrY?? You turn around , watching the killer.You swing the scalpel slowly , and suddenly stop , at the position of his heart. You say something you don't know , but also you fimillar with . The Killer start seizure , blood splashing out from his mouth.He knees down , little by little , and colapsed. "Drake , what a shame. I thought you are stronger than David " You said , as you walk back into the maze.

Drake : killer , David : the rich
the truth : story of drake and david 		
small diary :
page 1 : Hi there! Is me, you ! I wrote this...just in case , that me , or you , somehow lost your memory . If this was really happened , dont panic. i peek the map before , there is a lantern at the left side of the maze . The lantern was supposed to be the holy item , usually light up when there is a cruelless survival match going on . But that is just a myth . the gladiators were dead already LOL.
page 2 : Hi there! is me , again ! Now i am inside of this gaint maze , is kinda dark here , Drake and David seem to be very exicted about this journey. We are not supposed to be here , since the maze is a prohibited ,unholy places , symbol of dark magic , blood...just some cruel stuff going on . But , as a historian , I wont just gave up . Here definitely got some precious material i want .
page 3 : "kdilel Maze , a forbbiden , unholy place . In their legend , Kdilel Maze seem to be a place for the rich to host a game , a survival game . several people , without any armor , versus a man , with full equipment.The only way to win the game , is to light up the lantern , solving the puzzle , placing an old book , and picking up the old key for the door.Surely , there are a lots of trap, and of course , the killer , walker or whatever you call , trying to kill the survivior."
	 "This cruel entertainment stay for quite a while , until "X..." incident happened . She , as a witch , found this place, full with greed and lost soul.So, She decided to play one game , one last game , of this whole culture."
	 "As the game started , the killer , started feeling nausea , and , seizure was occured. Of course , everybody in this game , the survivors , the judge , the rich , all dead in the end ,except Her , "X...".She Started doing dark magic experiments, learning curse. from that on , Nobody saw her anymore , either dead or alive."


storyline :
you wake up in the center of the maze , you forgot smth very important , the only thing along with you is a small diary
the maze is so dark , i only can see a small distance in front me 
maybe i should find a lantern 
i remember there's a lantern around here 
maybe i should walk around 
maybe i should draw the map 
....
there's a lantern lean against the wall 
take it 
it still have fuel , i think that's enough for me escape this shit place
---------
you heard the door open somewhere 
*player should read about the small diary , it contains the hint for the lantern , and some story about the maze
*correct way : close the lantern and wait
*
function of killer wandering or chasing : using sched to delay function , like bukkit scheduler 
1st time : killer go forward 5 block, left 1 block.and wait for 1 turn
if player move or player open lantern,game over
*correct way : dont move, wait for the killer gone "you heard the footstep walk torward you...hmm?It stops?" "1.open lantern,2.move,3.wait"
						   "you heard the footstep again,but is leaving you ...."
						   "you heard door opened somewhere
after getting lantern , head toward the room on top , read the book , the book said "What is truth? History or power? The answer is within the bookshelves in this room "
(all bookshelf can be interact , and all the book can be taken , but the only "The old book with unrecongnize symbol" is the correct book)
(all book can be read without take it , but once take it , "You notice that the book is warping.You felt dizzy,and suddenly,you saw a unknown creature you holding,and eat your face..... " , game over)

take book->read the book , the last page "arrgh!! I always forgot to bring this book back to my study, even it just in font of library..." -> go to right side , place the book (both top and bottom room can place book,but only the bottom is correct)
(how to check ? read the book,they contain the story of this roommaster. if the roomaster is diff from the old book, the killer open the door and kill you (definitely dead ))
correct way : palce book in the bottom room , hide in the locker,wait for the killer walk away

after that, go out the locker.the book previously cannot read (at the left of the room ) , now can read. It says about the puzzle
"....These altars , It looks like they need some items to activate it... But why?Why it is in the store room?...."(1st book)
"LEFT: Library RIGHT: STUDY BOTTOM LEFT: practice room BOTTOM RIGHT: dinning room and store room" (2nd book)
inside the storerooms , there got three altar each , with different object on it.
correct way : place the item according to the classes (rich , killer , survivor)
extra way : instead put the survivor item, change it to the old book (you get a key for the extra room)


